federalist 80 the power of the judiciary
hamilton
to the people of the state of new york
to judge with accuracy of the proper
extent of the federal judicature it will
be necessary to consider in the first
place what are its proper objects
it seems scarcely to admit of
controversy that the judiciary authority
of the union ought to extend these
several descriptions of cases first to
all those which arise out of the laws of
the united states passed in pursuance of
their just and constitutional powers of
legislation
second to all those which concern the
execution of the provision expressly
contained in the articles of union third
to all those in which the united states
are a party
fourth to all those which involve the
peace of the confederacy whether they
relate to the intercourse between the
united states and foreign nations or to
that between the states themselves fifth
to all those which originate on the high
seas and are of admiralty or maritime
jurisdiction and lastly to all those in
which the state tribunals cannot be
supposed to be impartial and unbiased
the first point depends upon this
obvious consideration that there ought
always to be a constitutional method of
giving efficacy to constitutional
provisions
what for instance would avail
restrictions on the authority of the
state legislatures without some
constitutional mode of enforcing and
observing them
the states by the plan of the convention
are prohibited from doing a variety of
things some of which are incompatible
with the interests of the union and
others with the principles of good
government
the imposition of duties on imported
articles and the emission of paper money
are specimens of each kind
no man of sense will believe that such
prohibitions would be scrupulously
regarded without some effectual power in
the government to restrain or correct
the infractions of them this power must
either be a direct negative on the state
laws or an authority in the federal
courts to overrule such as might be and
manifest contravention to the articles
of union there is no third course that i
can imagine the latter appears to have
been thought by the convention
preferable to the former and i presume
will be most agreeable to the states
as to the second point it is impossible
by any argument or comment to make it
clearer than it is in itself
if there are such things as political
axioms the propriety of the judicial
power of a government being co-extensive
with its legislative may be ranked among
the number the mere necessity of
uniformity in the interpretation of the
national laws decides the question
13 independent courts of final
jurisdiction over the same causes
arising upon the same laws is a hydra in
government from which nothing but
contradiction and confusion can proceed
still less need be said in regard to the
third point controversies between the
nation and its members or citizens can
only be properly referred to the
national tribunals any other plan would
be contrary to reason to precedent and
to decorum
the fourth point rests on this plain
proposition that the piece of the whole
ought not to be left at the disposal of
a part
the union will undoubtedly be answerable
to foreign powers for the conduct of its
members and the responsibility for an
injury ought ever to be accompanied with
the faculty of preventing it as the
denial of perversion of justice by the
sentences of courts as well as in any
other manner is with reason classed
among the just causes of war it will
follow that the federal judiciary ought
to have cognizance of all causes in
which the citizens of other countries
are concerned
this is not less essential to the
preservation of the public faith than to
the security of the public tranquility a
distinction may perhaps be imagined
between cases arising upon treaties and
the laws of nations and those which may
stand merely on the footing of the
municipal law
the former kind may be supposed proper
for the federal jurisdiction the latter
for that of the state but it is at least
problematical whether an unjust sentence
against a foreigner where the subject of
controversy was wholly relative to the
lex lozac as well as one which violated
the stipulations of a treaty or the
general law of nations and a still
greater objection to the distinction
would result from the immense difficulty
if not impossibility of a practical
discrimination between the cases of one
complexion and those of the other so
greater proportion of the cases in which
foreigners are parties involve national
questions that it is by far most safe
and most expedient to refer all those in
which they are concerned to the national
tribunals
the power of determining causes between
two states between one state and the
citizens of another and between the
citizens of different states is perhaps
not less essential to the peace of the
union than that which has been just
examined history gives us a horrid
picture of the dissensions and private
wars which distracted and desolated
germany prior to the institution of the
imperial chamber by maximilian towards
the close of the 15th century and
informs us at the same time of the vast
influence of that institution in
appeasing the disorders and establishing
the tranquility of the empire
this was a court invested with authority
to decide finally all differences among
the members of the germanic body
a method of terminating territorial
disputes between the states under the
authority of the federal head was not
unattended to even in the imperfect
system by which they have been hitherto
held together but there are many other
sources besides interfering claims of
boundary from which bickerings and
animosities may spring up among the
members of the union
to some of these we have been witnesses
in the course of our past experience it
will readily be conjectured that i
allude to the fraudulent laws which have
been passed in too many of the states
and though the proposed constitution
establishes particular guards against
the repetition of those instances which
have heretofore made their appearance
yet it is warrantable to apprehend that
the spirit which produced them will
assume new shapes that could not be
foreseen nor specifically provided
against whatever practices may have a
tendency to disturb the harmony between
the states are proper objects of federal
superintendence and control
it may be esteemed the basis of the
union that the citizens of each state
shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens of the several
states and if it be a just principle
that every government ought to possess
the means of executing its own
provisions by its own authority it will
follow that in order to the inviolable
maintenance of that equality of
privileges and immunities to which the
citizens of the union will be entitled
the national judiciary ought to preside
in all cases in which one state or its
citizens are opposed to another state or
its citizens to secure the full effect
of so fundamental of provision against
all evasion and subterfuge it is
necessary that its construction should
be committed to that tribunal which
having no local attachments will be
likely to be impartial between the
different states and their citizens and
which owing its official existence to
the union will never be likely to feel
any bias inauspicious to the principles
on which it is founded
the fifth point will demand little
animat version the most bigoted
idolizers of state authority have not
thus far shown a disposition to deny the
national judiciary the cognizances of
maritime causes these so generally
depend on the laws of nations and so
commonly affect the rights of foreigners
that they fall within the considerations
which are relative to the public peace
the most important part of them are by
the present confederation submitted to
federal jurisdiction
the reasonableness of the agency of the
national courts in cases in which the
state tribunals cannot be supposed to be
impartial speaks for itself
no man ought certainly to be a judge in
his own cause or in any cause in respect
to which he has the least interest or
bias
this principle has no inconsiderable
weight in designating the federal courts
as the proper tribunals for the
determination of controversies between
different states and their citizens and
it ought to have the same operation in
regard to some cases between citizens of
the same state
claims to land under grants of different
states founded upon adverse pretensions
of boundary are of this description
the courts of neither the granting
states could be expected to be unbiased
the laws may have even prejudged the
question and tied the courts down to
decisions in favor of the grants of the
state to which they belonged and even
where this had not been done it would be
natural that the judges as men should
feel a strong predilection to the claims
of their own government
having thus laid down and discussed the
principles which ought to regulate the
constitution of the federal judiciary we
will proceed to test by these principles
the particular powers of which according
to the plan of the convention it is to
be composed it is to comprehend all
cases in law and equity arising under
the constitution the laws of the united
states and treaties made or which shall
be made under their authority to all
cases affecting ambassadors other public
ministers and consuls to all cases of
admiralty in maritime jurisdiction to
controversies to which the united states
shall be a party to controversies
between two or more states between a
state and citizen of another state
between citizens of different states
between citizens of the same state
claiming lands and grants of different
states and between a state of the
citizens thereof and foreign states
citizens and subjects
this constitutes the entire mass of the
judicial authority of the union
let us now review it in detail it is
then to extend
first
to all cases in law and equity arising
under the constitution and the laws of
the united states this corresponds with
the first two classes of causes which
have been enumerated as proper for the
jurisdiction of the united states it has
been asked what is meant by cases
arising under the constitution in
contradiction from those arising under
the laws of the united states
the difference has been already
explained
all the restrictions upon the authority
of the state legislatures furnish
examples of it
they are not for instance to emit paper
money but the interdiction results from
the constitution and will have no
connection with any law of the united
states should paper money
notwithstanding be emitted the
controversies concerning it would be
cases arising under the constitution and
not the united states in the ordinary
signification of the terms
this may serve as an example of the
whole
it has also been asked what need of the
word equity what equitable causes can
grow out of the constitution and laws of
the united states
there is hardly a subject of litigation
between individuals which may not
involve those ingredients of fraud
accident trust or hardship which would
render the matter an object of equitable
rather than of legal jurisdiction as the
distinction is known and established in
several of the states
it is the peculiar province for instance
of a court of equity to relieve against
what are called hard bargains these are
contracts in which though there may have
been no direct fraud or deceit
sufficient to invalidate them in a court
of law yet there may be some undue and
unconscionable advantage taken of the
necessities or misfortunes of one of the
parties which a court of equity would
not tolerate in such cases where
foreigners were concerned on either side
it would be impossible for the federal
judicators to do justice without an
equitable as well as a legal
jurisdiction
agreements to convey lands claimed under
the grants of different states may
afford another example of the necessity
of an equitable jurisdiction in the
federal courts
this reasoning may not be so palpable in
those states where the formal and
technical distinction between law and
equity is not maintained as in this
state where it is exemplified by every
day's practice
the judiciary authority of the union is
to extend second to treaties made or
which shall be made under the authority
of the united states and to all cases
affecting ambassadors other public
ministers and consuls these belong to
the fourth class of the enumerated cases
as they have an evident connection with
the preservation of the national peace
third to cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction
these form altogether the fifth of the
enumerated classes of causes proper for
the cognizance of the national courts
fourth to controversies to which the
united states shall be a party
these constitute the third of those
classes
fifth to controversies between two or
more states between a state and citizens
of another state between citizens of
different states these belong to the
fourth of those classes and partake in
some measure of the nature of the last
sixth to cases between the citizens of
the same state claiming lands under
grants of different states these fall
within the last class and are the only
instances in which the proposed
constitution directly contemplates the
cognizance of disputes between the
citizens of the same state
seventh to cases between a state and the
citizens thereof and foreign states
citizens or subjects
these have been already explained to
belong to the fourth of the enumerated
classes and have been shown to be in a
peculiar manner the proper subjects of
the national judicature
from this review of the particular
powers of the federal judiciary as
marked out in the constitution it
appears that they are all conformable to
the principles which ought to have
governed the structure of that
department and which were necessary to
the perfection of the system
if some partial inconveniences should
appear to be connected with the
incorporation of any of them into the
plan it ought to be recollected that the
national legislature will have ample
authority to make such exceptions and to
prescribe such regulations as will be
calculated to obviate or remove these
inconveniences the possibility of
particular mischiefs can never be viewed
by a well-informed mind as a solid
objection to a general principle which
is calculated to avoid general mischiefs
and to obtain general advantages
publius